Hi, my name is Arthur Masson and I'm passionate about creating random automatized things. I've always loved mathematics, smart thinking and reliable logic but we all know those three things are kind of the same thing !

I have started to love programming the first time I created a custom map in warcraft3 and never really stopped learning new things since then.

Aside of that I spend lot of my time playing video games... So much that if I had not spent this potentially productive time playing but instead creating my own game then I would have made -a game- the best game of all time that would have wasted the social life of an entire generation instead of just mine ! So I'm glad I'm not that kind of monster and I contain myself of doing so by playing more games O:)

I've started (real) programming in C when I was in high school and I've always liked it. I discovered later that other languages existed as well and my love for programming got a new turn... Such a life changing event the day I found out about C++ ! That thing I was doing with my uniformalized structures and function and those code template I had to copy and paste for each one of my different types was already a thing ! It was called Object Oriented Programing... Awesome !... I'm less ignorant now !

Therefore, C++ stayed my favorite language for a long time. The main reason was because I have gotten really familiar with its syntax but also because it was the best langage to create video games ! Wich was and probably will stay one of my ambitions as main or side project.

I've then wanted to create graphical programs (because for some reason, playing pacman on command-line was getting boring) so as an eternal Mac user, I had to leave my new favorite langage for another one to use all of those amazing graphical frameworks designed by Apple : The language Objective-C (ever heard about that ?) I never really liked it but had to use it so I did. And of course, as I was still in high school back then, there was no one understanding what I was doing or being able to tell me that there was other technologies than natives frameworks. I could use some things like SDL or Qt to stay in C++ ! So I did learn all about this Cocoa framework and used it to create random graphical programs and all those great things we make with interfaces (bye bye command line... For now :D). And that's how I got used to work in the Apple ecosystem and have been slowly slipping from desktop development to mobile iOS development. It was only a matter of framework and nothing else !

After high school, I got accepted in a special school called "42 Born to code". (I call it special because it's a school with a really different way of teaching students than traditional schools that I won't explain.) It's in this school that I finally met my own breed: -Nerds- Others passionated coders.
I really like working in a group, not only for the social interactions, but also because when I'm alone on a project, I tend to let it drown after a day of not working on it or just with the random idea of another -useless- really important project.

Then one day Apple created their own new and modern language called Swift. That gave a new meaning to my life ! Two weeks of using Swift made me fall in love with this perfectly designed language ! I'm not an addict of mobile plateform... As a matter of fact, I hate playing on those... But games aren't the only thing we do on our phones (I think). So for the only reason that I love the Apple ecosystem, I've spend lot of time creating apps for iPhone and Mac ! When I say "apps", I mean "unfinished project at proof of concept state to test one feature of a framework or implement an idea".

